Oh
hello hmm works me up you're new here
aren't you don't wake me up in the
middle of the day mr. owl how many licks
does it take to get the center of a
tootsie pop whoo what are you talking
about whoo whoo um chill out man it was
a joke um okay are you okay boo boo hoo
hoo hoo hoo I'm sorry to interrupt you
but you know yeah I'm not going to come
here back here during the day actually
I'm not going to come back here at night
I'm not going to come here at all
we don't leave him choking um hello mr.
mayor what he won't for me today Sonny
um well you see I'm here for two reasons
one mr. duck wants me to know more about
you so he could do some mafia related
things to you mafia but but I thought I
got rid of the Mafia back in 34 um no
sir you didn't I didn't oh my god I've
been living a lie um yeah well now that
that's over I'm the other thing I have
to tell you about is there's in insane
hooing owl in the UM Museum that does
not like Tootsie Pops what he loves
Tootsie Pops he always jokes on him and
he always who's when he jokes you know
you'd that's how everyone jokes oh he
was doing pretty loud uh oh the louder
you is the more closer to death he's
getting it's not that funny though yeah
okay um I have to go save by oh my God
he's dead what am I gonna do now wait
see those bubbles he's still breathing
oh crap its mouth to mouth time
huh I'm awake I'm alive yes but what
took you so long well you see
I'm CDL gotta say the l gotta say the
owl ooh look at cherry there's always
time for a snack now I will use my
magical plant powers to make to appear
in my head there we go I'm your name
delicious hmm what was I supposed to do
mmm all right save the owl mmm so many
trees look there's a tree there and a
tree there oh my god there's trees
everywhere I'm lost I'm hopelessly lost
I'm lost Hey look a house maybe I can
ask for directions D'Arnot they're not
home but look the instructions are
carved in the door okay so I got to go
this way now we gotta go this way this
way I gotta go this way oh no I forgot
where to go again oh hey wait here's
another house yes what do all the houses
have maps drawn on their doors I'll
never know now I gotta turn right here
now left round the rock yeah so you just
got lost I was hoping for an exciting
story uh well I forgot to mention the
part with the dragon yeah i slayed that
track but my uncle's our dragon oh wow
this is awkward I'm just gonna leave now
have fun living and not dying on your
Tootsie Pop which I saved you from
without